gui:
sys.pAddScreen - sys.gui.addScreen
sys.pAddFrame - sys.gui.addFrame
sys.pAddText - sys.gui.addText
sys.pAddButton - sys.gui.addButton
sys.pAddCButton - sys.gui.addCButton
sys.pAddCheckBox - sys.gui.addCheckBox
sys.pAddImage - sys.gui.addImage
sys.pAddSlider - sys.gui.addSliderV
sys.pAddSliderV - sys.gui.addSliderV
sys.pAddSliderH - sys.gui.addSliderH
sys.pAddBar - sys.gui.addBar
sys.pAddVBar - sys.gui.addBar
sys.pDestroy - sys.gui.destroy
sys.pDestroyScr - sys.gui.destroy
sys.pGetValue - sys.gui.getValue
sys.pSetValue - sys.gui.setValue
sys.pSetModif - sys.gui.setModif
sys.pGetParam - sys.gui.getParam
sys.pSetParam - sys.gui.setParam
sys.pGetEvent - sys.gui.getEvent
sys.pGetEventC - sys.gui.getEventC
sys.pSetEvent - sys.gui.setEvent
sys.pClrScrEv - sys.gui.clrScrEv
sys.pSetScreen - sys.gui.setScreen
sys.pGetGrayout - sys.gui.getGrayout
sys.pSetGrayout - sys.gui.setGrayout
sys.pGetVisible - sys.gui.getVisible
sys.pSetVisible - sys.gui.setVisible
sys.pGetGhost - sys.gui.getGhost
sys.pSetGhost - sys.gui.setGhost
sys.pGetSelect - sys.gui.getSelect
sys.pSetSelect - sys.gui.setSelect
sys.pGetStr - sys.gui.getStr
sys.pSetStr - sys.gui.setStr
sys.pSetTxtSize - sys.gui.setTxtSize
sys.pSetRelInit - sys.gui.setRelInit
sys.pSetXYXY - sys.gui.setXYXY
sys.pSetSpacing - sys.gui.setSpacing
sys.pGetXcell - sys.gui.getXcell
sys.pSetXcell - sys.gui.setXcell
sys.pGetYcell - sys.gui.getYcell
sys.pSetYcell - sys.gui.setYcell
sys.pGetXscroll - sys.gui.getXscroll
sys.pSetXscroll - sys.gui.setXscroll
sys.pGetYscroll - sys.gui.getYscroll
sys.pSetYscroll - sys.gui.setYscroll
sys.pSetDFont - sys.gui.setDefFont
sys.pGetTexAct - sys.gui.getTexAct
sys.pSetTexAct - sys.gui.setTexAct
sys.pSetTexFit - sys.gui.setTexFit
sys.pSetTexEd - sys.gui.setTexEd
sys.pSetColor - sys.gui.setColor
sys.pGetColor - sys.gui.setColor

fs:
sys.pFrOpen - sys.fs.open
sys.fOpen - sys.fs.open
sys.fReadChars
sys.fWriteChars
sys.fReadByte
sys.fWriteByte
sys.fSeek
sys.fTruncate
sys.fIsDir
sys.fMkDir
sys.fChDir
sys.fCopySource
sys.fCopyStart
sys.fCopyStat
sys.fCopyStop
sys.fTell
sys.pFrSize - sys.fs.size
sys.pFrExists
sys.pFrSeek - sys.fs.seekFill
sys.pFrClose - sys.fs.close
sys.fClose - sys.fs.close
sys.fDelete
sys.fRename
sys.fFind
sys.fFindNext
sys.fReadStr
sys.fWriteStr

fs.csv:
sys.csvOpen
sys.csvClose
sys.csvNewLine
sys.csvGetCell
sys.csvSetCell
sys.csvLineFeed
sys.csvRemoveLine
sys.csvRewind

fs.conf
sys.cOpen
sys.cClose
sys.cKeyExists
sys.cKeyRead
sys.cKeyReadInt
sys.cKeyWrite
sys.cKeyRemove

